Template for pull request (#55)
tataratat/splinepy: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

### First Step 
- Assign Labels : Type of PR (Bug/Feature), Scope (tiny, small,... huge) 
- Request a reviewer or assign tasks 
- Then start to fill the following form:

# Addressed issues
*  the list
*  of issues
*  e.g. #200 

# Description
A more detailed  
description of your  
changes goes here  

## Subsection
more details

### Subsubsection 2
more and more details

> ## New Feature mini-syntax
> Where applicable, dedicate a short section to a oneliner example, with the new feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New Feature Showcase 
If applicable, a short / one-liner example to highlight the new feature
```

# Check list
### Test documentation
* [ ]  Build `--minimal`
* [ ]  Build 
* [ ]  Executed Tests
* [ ]  Executed Examples

### Documentation of changes and theory

> * [ ]  I have updated the relevant sections in the technical notes, as far as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ]  I have updated the relevant documentations, as far as necessary.
```

> * [ ]  I have updated and built the Doxygen documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Style guide compliance
* [ ]  Edited `C++` files formatted with clang-format (`14.x.x`+)

> * [ ]  Edited Python files formatted to PEP8 standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ]  Edited Python files formatted to style guide from PEP8
```
